This file contains the final advanced features implemented in our Mini Amazon project for CS 316.
These features will be noted as either required or additonal/extra features that go beyond the project requirements.

Team members: Jerry Xin, Shirley Wang, Henry Huynh, Jachin Friday, Chris Cameron
Team name: Pink Parrots

REQUIRED FEATURES: 
1. Account registry for users with email, password, user name, and password, fully functional
2. Account registry for sellers, fully functional
3. Account balance, fully functional
4. Method to withdraw from balance, fully functional
5. Method to add to balance, fully functional
6. User purchase search, fully functional
7. Display purchase details by row, fully functional
8. Products with name, description, price, and image, fully functional
9. Product search, fully functional
10. Display products with a summary for each product, fully functional
11. User cart that lists quantities, unit prices, and total prices, fully functional
12. Inventories and balances update at the time of order submission, fully functional
13. Cart contents remain after user log off, fully functional
14. Order page with final prices, fully functional
15. Method that marks the order as fulfilled when all the individual orders in the order are fulfilled, fully functional
16. Method to add product to inventory for sellers, fully functional
17. Search for orders that are fulfilled or to be fulfilled, fully functional
18. Method where sellers can mark orders as fulfilled, fully functional
19. Users can submit reviews for products, fully functional
20. Users cannot add more than one review for a single product, fully functional
21. Users can delete their product reviews, fully functional
22. Users can submit reviews for sellers, fully functional
23. Users cannot add more than one review for a single seller, fully functional
24. Users can delete their seller reviews, fully functional
25. Users can see a list of all their own reviews, fully functional
26. User can select from list to update reviews, fully functional
27. Sellers can see summary ratings for themselves that includes average and number of ratings, fully functional
28. Summary ratings for products (includes average and number of ratings), fully functional


EXTRA FEATURES:
0. Ability to access User Page from User Review
0. Ability to access Seller Page from Detailed Product Page
0. Ability to see Product Reviews from Detailed Product Page
0. Ability to see Seller Reviews from Detailed Product Page

1. Button to set balance to a specific value(as opposed to add/subtract balance), fully functional
    -restrictions implemented: cannot set balance to negative number

2. Ability to search Purchase History Summary, fully functional
3. Ability to filter Purchase History Summary by Price Ascending, cross compatible with search, fully functional
4. Ability to filter Purchase History Summary by Price Descending, cross compatible with search, fully functional
5. Cross compatibility between ability to filter Purchase History Summary by Most Recent and search, fully functional

6. Button to be able to gift balance to another user, requires user to input other user’s uid and gift amount, fully functional
	-restrictions implemented: cannot give negative amount, and cannot give more than the current user’s account balance

7. Added start depiction of ratings for each product, fully functional
8. Added a wishlist that is cross compatible to user and and cart pages and functions, fully functional
9. Added a button to reorder past orders in Detailed Order Page, fully functional

10. Ability to search All Product Reviews, fully functional
11. Ability to filter All Product Reviews by Price Ascending, cross compatible with search, fully functional
12. Ability to filter All Product Reviews by Price Descending, cross compatible with search, fully functional
13. Cross compatibility between ability to filter All Product Reviews by Most Recent and search, fully functional

14. Ability to search All Seller Reviews, fully functional
15. Ability to filter All Seller Reviews by Price Ascending, cross compatible with search, fully functional
16. Ability to filter All Seller Reviews by Price Descending, cross compatible with search, fully functional
17. Cross compatibility between ability to filter All Seller Reviews by Most Recent and search, fully functional

18. Ability to search Detailed Order Page, fully functional
19. Ability to filter Detailed Order Page by Price Ascending, cross compatible with search, fully functional
20. Ability to filter Detailed Order Page by Price Descending, cross compatible with search, fully functional
21. Cross compatibility between ability to filter Detailed Order Page by Most Recent and search, fully functional

22. Ability to search Inventory Page, fully functional
23. Ability to filter Inventory Page by Price Ascending, cross compatible with search, fully functional
24. Ability to filter Inventory Page by Price Descending, cross compatible with search, fully functional

25. Ability to filter Product Page by Price Range, cross compatible with all other filters, fully functional
26. Ability to filter Product Page by Average Rating, cross compatible with all other filters, fully functional
27. Ability to filter Product Page by Categories, cross compatible with all other filters, fully functional
28. Ability to see average product review as a Seller visually using stars, fully functional




